hi I'm Natalie and I'm basically doing a
tutorial for Ed Sheeran's drunk it's not
exactly the same song question but it's
a version and it's a cover so if you
want to learn it and it's pretty easy as
a sir so it's good for beginners as well
and there's only about four chords that
you need to know and that's g d e minor
and C then I go in that order but that's
all the cool that you really need to
know so the beginning the introduction
is just a g4 eight bars the and the UM
the strumming pattern is you can do any
shown person really but and what I
prefer to do is um this one so that's
down up down lick down up down down down
down down up down up down down up down
down down up sit down down up down up
down down down down up so it'll be
ok that's it slow so the beginning is
just that's a bit faster than that and
so that's the first bit put eight eight
bars and then for the next spirits so
it's G and then G again for another a
when it starts with honor be drunk when
I wake up and then when it goes on the
right side of the wrong bed when it goes
wrong it's a D and then e my mom
so it's just one strong one strong sit
when a dude drove gonna wake up on the
right side of the wrong man to rescue
San made okay um I'm in it so it's g8 d
1 e minus 8 and then see
see and then d 448 then Jacob so
basically
g d minor C and then do okay and then
when it goes to the house gets called
when you cut the heating it changes to
us Iman all so it's Jana see
g so its mana SI d / has this code and
for the strumming I just do down strums
as like a bird up to the chorus but may
want to do it differently so it's a
huskers car when you cut the heat in
without choose the hold I'll be freezing
Carol I my heart to beat in could you
take positive everything take words out
my man Justin Bieber repeated phrases
like when you leaving me do you do that
so you do Iman off zi ji for three times
and then on the full time you go me Lana
Z and then do and you do the D bit when
it should i sir um so the first place is
like when you leavin me should should i
do that because maybe